you know tackle recommendations for a
seven-day trip to Laius rocks you need
at least five rods you need a 25-pound
outfit for fishing offshore smaller tuna
Dorado that sort of thing and also for
live bait catching because sometimes we
have to replenish our bait supply so we
have the lighter ounces for that and
then you need a 40-pound outfit for
fishing bigger fish and a little on the
lighter side as far as fishing for
bigger fish and then a 50 or 60 pound
outfit that with a short system six-foot
rod and high speed gear ratio reel for
fishing wahoo and that would either be
for fishing a bomb which is a walk or
lure with a single hook and a wire
leader that would be very very important
with 50 or 60 pound test and then you
need another 50 or 60 pound test outfit
with a two-speed reel for fishing the
100 pound Flast tuna if those fish are
fighting 50 or 60 pound test and the fly
line sardine then having a two-speed
reel is is key if you wanted to bring a
2-speed without you know to speed real
that smaller for 30 or 40 pound test
that would be a recommendation also
those the new avital has a new smaller
to speed rail that's coming out this
year and so a smaller to speed of reel
is something that you know two speeds
have been an innovation in the tackle
industry and they've really helped out
the angler when you get a heavier fish
and you can go into
so make sure you have a 2-speed outfit
and then you need a trolling outfit you
need something for trolling with 80
pound test for walk and you can either
have a single speed or a two speed
outfit and if you bring one of those if
it's a two speed outfit then you can
interchange that from trolling to
fishing the bottom there are times when
we fish the bottom with dropper loops
and 16-ounce weights and go to the
bottom with a live sardine or live macro
for yellowtail and so you would want to
have a two speed outfit eighty pound for
that so you could bring one outfit and
interchange it with trolling and fishing
the bottom it so terminal tackle you
need an assortment of looks like 202 7o
standard J hooks for fishing tuna and
fishing the bottom of the dropper loop
kneading the serpent a circle hooks it
if it allows rocks the fish are 60 to 80
pounds and they're only biting 40 or 50
pound then you need a circle hook that
would be important I wouldn't want to
recommend a certain manufacturer or a
size because each manufacturer has
different different sizes for their
circle hooks so you can ask your tackle
store dealer or whatever what's best for
fishing 40 or 50 pound test in the
circle hook fluorocarbon is very very
important and you either want to match
the line clasp that you have or be one
step above so an example would be forty
pound monofilament 50 pound fluorocarbon
you would want to buy a medium-sized
Marauder for trolling and that would be
part of a Wahoo package and Tony the
Tiger or black and purple is is one of
the as two of the our favorite colors
that work really well on a consistent
basis and you want an assortment of wire
for fishing lures artificial lures bombs
or or casting lures heavy casting lures
for for Babu and you can either use
seven strand braided wire with crimps or
a single strand for that and then for
live bait fishing you definitely want
some seven strand monofilament and you
want to bring you know 40-pound up to
sixty pound wire for live bait and you
know one of the tips for that is make
sure that you get the right size crimps
for the right size for the wire that you
buy by crimps that are bigger then it's
needed for the wire then then you have a
mismatch there so make sure that you
have the right crimps with the wire that
you buy and your tackle store those guys
know what's going on and so they can
tell you and help you look for what to
do with that and you also need the tools
to go with that the crimping tools and
small black rings and black swivels or
something that you need to bring make
sure you have an assortment of jigs
walking fishing burns bombs or really
good braid bombs are really good and so
that those would be two suggestions and
then you also need some you know heavy
yoyo jigs for fishing the yellowtail
bloom white Dorado colored scrambled egg
Salas 6x junior the equivalent to that
and Iron Man or kicker
and also you would want to make sure
that
you bring a file to sharpen your hooks
for those wobble because the the
trolling lures and the bait hooks and
the also the bombs that you would use
the the hook isn't sharp when it comes
out of the package so you need to
sharpen your hooks that would be
something to bring along with you
half a dozen big weights 16 ounces and
another thing is that if you don't have
something then we have it for sale here
on the boat so you can minimize you
don't need to go to the store and spend
thousands of dollars you can buy a
little of each and then buy it on board
the boat as you need it and we have yoyo
jigs we have bait leaders for wahoo
fishing that we pre make up so all you
have to do is ask for for bait leaders
and we'll sell you a pack of five if you
need spectra or monofilament you need to
change your line during the trip then we
have all that on board and so that can
save you a little bit of money just buy
it as you need it on board the boat so
that's how you come out for a 7-day
right on
you